# Guessing Game DApp

This is a simple decentralized application (DApp) built on Ethereum using Solidity for the smart contract and React.js for the front-end. The application allows users to guess a number between 1 and 3. If the guess is correct, they become eligible to claim a prize.

## Overview

The project consists of a smart contract and a React.js front-end:

1. **Smart Contract**: Written in Solidity, the contract allows users to make a guess. If the guess is correct, a flag (`eligible`) is set to true, making them eligible to claim a prize of 500 units added to the balance.
2. **React Front-End**: Interacts with the smart contract, allowing users to connect their MetaMask wallet, make a guess, and claim the prize if eligible.

## Usage
- Connect Wallet: Click the "Connect your MetaMask wallet" button to connect your MetaMask wallet.
- Make a Guess: Enter a number between 1 and 10 in the input field and click "Make Guess".
- Claim Prize: If your guess is correct, you can click "Claim Prize" to add 500 units to your balance.
## Smart Contract
The smart contract (Assessment.sol) contains the following functions:

- getBalance(): Returns the current balance.
- makeGuess(uint256 guess): Generates a random number and checks if it matches the user's guess. If it matches, sets the eligible flag to true.
- claimPrize(): If the eligible flag is true, adds 500 units to the balance.
## React Front-End
The React front-end includes:

- Wallet Connection: Connects to the user's MetaMask wallet.
- Making a Guess: Sends the user's guess to the smart contract and checks eligibility.
- Claiming a Prize: Allows the user to claim the prize if eligible.
## Example Output
When the user makes a guess, the random number generated by the contract is printed in the console. If the guess is correct, a success message is displayed and the user can claim the prize.

## Prerequisites

- Node.js and npm
- MetaMask extension installed in your browser
- Hardhat for deploying the contract

## Installation
Clone the repository:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/shamanthshashi/SCM-Starter.git
cd SCM-Starter
```

## Executing the code

After cloning the github, you will want to do the following to get the code running on your computer.

1. Inside the project directory, in the terminal type: npm i
2. Open two additional terminals in your VS code
3. In the second terminal type: npx hardhat node
4. In the third terminal, type: npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.js --network localhost
5. Back in the first terminal, type npm run dev to launch the front-end.

After this, the project will be running on your localhost. 
Typically at http://localhost:3000/

## Authors

Shamanth Shashi

mail[shamanthshashi2@gmail.com]

## License
This project is not license.
